feat(unlock-protocol-com): Add blog post for fiat subscriptions (#9669)
unlock-protocol/unlock: unlock-protocol-com/blog/unlock-fiat-subscription.md

---

> title: Unlock adds support for fiat NFT subscriptions

Reviewer: please put titles in Title Case per https://titlecaseconverter.com/

authorName: searchableguy
publishDate: September 27, 2022
description: Unlock adds support for fiat NFT subscriptions
image: /images/blog/unlock-fiat-subscription/main.png
---

![Fiat subscription confirmation page](/images/blog/unlock-fiat-subscription/main.png)

> We recently launched support for [crypto based NFT subscriptions](./recurring-subscription-nft.md) which allowed people to pre-approve an amount in erc20 to be charged at a regular interval decided by the creator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recently launched support for [crypto based NFT subscriptions](./recurring-subscription-nft.md) which allowed people to pre-approve an amount in erc20 to be charged at a regular interval set in the membership contract.
```

> Today, we are extending the same support to fiat payment options we provide. Creators can now add `recurringPayments: number` to their locks in paywallConfig to charge their users on a regular frequency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Today, we are extending the same support to fiat payment options we provide (including Credit card, [Apple and Google Pay](/blog/support-for-google-and-apple-pay)). Creators can now add `recurringPayments: number` to the `paywallConfig` when building their checkout URL in order to charge their users on a regular frequency.
```

> Today, we are extending the same support to fiat payment options we provide (including Credit card, [Apple and Google Pay](/blog/support-for-google-and-apple-pay)). Creators can now add `recurringPayments: number` to the `paywallConfig` when building their checkout URL in order to charge their users on a regular frequency.

Reviewer: needs more detail here. someone coming to this page may not know how to add "recurringPayments: number" to the "paywallConfig" — please add more "how to" detail here.

also, "credit card" should be lower case

Author: Done.

## How does it work?

Unlock's approach to recurring payment has two distinct elements:

1. Smart Contracts

>    We added support for `grantKeyExtension` method on our contracts which allow creators and anyone who is a keyGranter to extend the NFT duration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   We added support for `grantKeyExtension` method on our contracts which allow creators and anyone who is a [`keyGranter`](https://docs.unlock-protocol.com/core-protocol/public-lock/access-control#keygranter) to extend the NFT duration.
```

>    This is avaiable in all locks starting with v11. We use this internally to renew keys of people who have subscribed to a NFT via fiat payment options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   This is available in all locks starting with v11. We use this internally to renew memberships of users who have subscribed via fiat payment options.
```

2. Locksmith

>    When a user goes through a recurring purchase, we create a subscription object on the backend to keep track of how many times the user wishes to renew and store details surrounding the purchase. Due to volatile nature of crypto, fiat prices swing drastically between days. To avoid this and protect the users, we lock in the fiat price at the time of subscription for further renewals. This means if user purchased a NFT for 0.1 token which was valued at $10 at the time of purchase, further renewals will only cost that + normal fees associated with using the fiat option. We use the subscription object to renew keys when they expire. We don't depend on stripe subscriptions which allow us to provide flexible schedule to creators for charging their users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   When a user goes through a recurring purchase, we create a subscription object on the backend to keep track of how many times the user wishes to renew it and store all the details surrounding the purchase. Due to the volatile nature of many crypto-currencies, fiat prices can swing drastically between two payments. To avoid this and protect the users, we lock in the fiat price at the time of subscription for further renewals. This means if the user purchased an NFT for 0.1 tokens valued at $10 at the time of purchase, further renewals would only cost that $10, even if the price of the token is now much higher or much lower. We use the subscription object to renew keys when they expire. 
```

An example of a lock with 5 minute renewal time below getting extended every 5 minutes.

![Etherscan](/images/blog/unlock-fiat-subscription/etherscan.png)

### Documentation and demo

- Community & Support: [Join the Unlock Discord](https://discord.com/invite/Ah6ZEJyTDp)

> - Developer documentation: [Recurring Memberships](https://docs.unlock-protocol.com/unlock/creators/recurring-memberships)

Reviewer: this is linking to a creator-focused guide. is there more detailed developer documentation available as well?

Author: No because it's not any different from how it works for crypto.

Reviewer 2: We should probably update the guide to mention that we now support recurring memberships on both fiat and crypto?

Author: yeah. I don't think I have access to the guides though.

Reviewer 2: Ask @ccarfi  :)

Author: updated guide to include more information on the fiat option.

---
title: Unlock Launches Support for Fiat NFT Recurring Subscriptions
authorName: searchableguy
publishDate: September 27, 2022
description: Users can now subscribe to NFTs using fiat payment options such as credit cards.
image: /images/blog/unlock-fiat-subscription/main.png
---

![Fiat subscription confirmation page](/images/blog/unlock-fiat-subscription/main.png)

> We recently launched support for [crypto based NFT subscriptions](./recurring-subscription-nft.md) which allowed people to pre-approve an amount in erc20 to be charged at a regular interval set in the membership contract.

Reviewer: @searchableguy this URL throws a 404 in staging. looks like it's linking to the markdown file, not the rendered blog post.

Today, we are extending the same support to fiat payment options we provide (including credit card, [Apple and Google Pay](/blog/support-for-google-and-apple-pay)). Creators can now add `recurringPayments: number` to the `paywallConfig` when building their checkout URL in order to charge their users on a regular frequency.

Here is an example of paywallConfig.

```json
{
  "title": "Recurring membership demo",
  "locks": {
    "0xf1e4861bbe6aa736084ff829507145a85f4958fc": {
      "name": "Recurring",
      "network": 5,
      "recurringPayments": 12
    }
  }
}
```

> Learn more about how to build and configure the url on the [docs site](https://docs.unlock-protocol.com/tools/checkout/configuration/#building-your-url)

Reviewer: needs a period at the end of the sentence.
